Where is this?
Isn't it in the conference room?
Master, this is the primitive world
By the primal desire you carry around your neck
And I'm the tool here
primal desire
It's the jade my father left me
Yes, the original desire is the ancient holy energy
Extraordinary Extinction and Yin Extinction
Today, the two jade horns of yin and yang are one
Absorbed the blood of the master again
To recognize the Lord and succeed
Bone and look good
My father was just an undiagnosed patient
How could there be such a creature
The unicorn cannot answer this question.
But the master
You are now the master of Primal Infinity
Own the right to unlock the original treasure
Does the owner choose to open the original treasure?
What is this?
Primordial treasure is made of primordial lust
Creation of Heaven and Earth
Breeding through millennia
There are nine
Every original treasure
Contains incredible feats
And every time the master's strength is promoted
Can open a treasure
Then I am now in the second batch of cultivation
Wouldn't it be possible to open a double treasure?
Not bad, one treasure and one grade
The owner can now unlock the first two primordial treasures
Whether to open it or not
No practice
Senior Kirin
What does that mean?
The so-called hundredfold practice
That is, the master and the people only need to cultivate in the future
It will be 100 times faster than an adult
One day of cultivation can compare to 100 days of cultivation by others
So awesome
But something is wrong with my body
I haven't been able to break through the second grade for so many years
I want this hundredfold practice
What's the use
What the master said is wrong
The reason why you couldn't break through the second grade before
It's because the primal desire is broken
Will automatically absorb the wearer's spiritual power
That's why Master, your practice is invalid.
But now there's nothing missing from the original.
Naturally it won't happen again.
Really? I think it was two years ago.
After wearing this jade
Repair starts to stall
Of course, the master will know after cultivating for a lifetime now
What a terrifying cultivation speed
In such a meeting, he broke through to the three-level realm
Go on like this
Even if you are far away
How about the six saintesses of Yunxiao Sect?
It won't be long
You can personally seek justice from the Yunxiao Sect
Congratulations to the master for breaking through the third-grade realm
Now there is a second layer of the original treasure
The third weight can be opened.
Whether to turn on
Can't start, senior
Unconscious for so long
Go back and see the master first, and then I will cultivate.